hello gorgeous right I'm going to show
you and my version of a little bit with
Peter Andre haircut going on today
Scott's been growing his hair quite
nicely for us and as you can see it's a
bit of a different color but that's
irrelevant really most of people Andres
hairstyle is in the styling and we're
just going to do it as a cut with the
Clippers around sizing the edge to give
it nice and neat to sweep around the
corners and then it's going to be more
chocolate on the top but we're showing
that to come to it okay I'm gonna click
bring down with it
card number two on here just to makes it
really neat Friday is our time sits nice
and short and as you can see here we've
clip it around the head the neckline is
still very much needs to tidying up
there which there isn't really once is
going to create that so that be
something interesting to show you and
also across here there's a bit of a step
there which we're going to use the
scissors over comb and blend that in now
a lot this style it is in the styling at
the end I've got to tidy up this
hairline here you can see the client
hasn't particularly got you down here
Linus I'm going to have to create your
shape and what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to draw a shaping first to
make sure I'm happy with it and then I
should tidy up the lines around it
okay so we've tidied up these edges I'm
get to go around the ears and we've kind
of created nice hair line on the neck
there it's important these little hairs
they're like needles for the clients
important to keep them clear those
you're cutting people all of the cut in
color
I'm just gonna learn just gonna now
right spray the camera I'm just gonna
raise at a client's hair now yet to wash
it for him if you if you raise up on dry
hair it can pull quite a lot and if
you've got Bhushan up raise it so I like
to use it I like to use it where
everybody's watching this is a as a hair
stylist or as you're watching me as a
client but it definitely is part of the
pleasurable experience
we'll get rid of all those suspicions of
every British Shorthairs I can feel that
little tiny needles doing the skin
dancing and once you've done that so I
think okay Kant says unless we watch
we're just gonna put a little bit of mix
through the top which is going to help
with the styling and give it a really
quick blast with death with their young
hey dryer that's tricky word lots of
people and then we're going to run
straight this through and I'll go pick
the pieces to hair through and with some
nice finishing I'll always always
recommend you use Geo's your
straightener so I'm absolutely the best
of the market by miles and miles and I
shall how that is based on you can use a
little thin ones which are half the size
and these because you can get slightly
closer to the scalp but if you've got a
penny s feel just really are just
running it straight to the kind of just
using the comb if you could see it get
the hair up with the comb on the
straightness truth is that good anywhere
near your scalp so not burning it'll
okay as you can see it's creating that
so I won't put a nice bit fishy product
on in a minute give you the lovely look
you want obviously whichever direction
what the head sittings really weigh
should be put in it which you've done
all the way through it's done okay I'm
going to did finishing touches now as
you can kinda see of my clients hair
he's got it's all nice and straight and
it's going in various directions without
the finishing product somebody doesn't
need a lots of finishing product he said
he's growing this hair especially for me
so I can do this so the next time you
see him you may well have it shortened
I've got feeling Pete uses this Bed Head
TIGI product which is fantastic wait you
can use this guy's if you're doing it on
your own so easy you can just rub it in
the hair like this
and you kind of get infected you could
just walk out the door and go out with
it
and you can also put it in two different
places what I like to use is a vacant
product called bring white because I can
use that pack of gum I'll show you it's
like a drum can seen up there so you can
really work with that okay you can see
what we're doing we're putting it into
various places it's looking absolutely
gorgeous obviously the main problem you
get as a hair stylist or as I've client
going in please understand when you have
to recreate a Peter Andre hairstyle or
Charlie who stole anybody's hair style
you've got different hair never going to
be exact so what's going to be different
to that person but basically you can
recreate similarities if you can see the
top they're all just kind of got the gum
on my hands just sort of twisting it to
bring it into the peaks all right you
don't want it to sort of spiky so you
kind of do that and you'll lose it in
again I'm roughing it slightly now the
guy that does this the Peter Andre's is
brother called Mike who's an absolutely
phenomenal hair stylist total respect
I'm pretty sure that he's going to be
quite impressed with this can we just
show through the camera
this is not your normal typical
hairstyle so is it no what do you think
of it very nice thank you very much it's
something that it's going to ask me to
take it off to number 10 in a minute so
there we are all I'm gonna do really
just finish up with plenty hairspray and
maybe talking mint a little bit of color
next time I tweet about that nice bit of
blue black guy through there and let me
just say final look
not bad for equation andre nasa